fix #267, BAZELISK_NOJDK support (#315)
bazelbuild/bazelisk: README.md

If you want to create a fork with your own releases, you have to follow the naming conventions that we use in `bazelbuild/bazel` for the binary file names.
The URL format looks like `https://github.com/<FORK>/bazel/releases/download/<VERSION>/<FILENAME>`.

> If the environment variable `BAZELISK_NOJDK` is set and `!= 0`, it will use the `nojdk` version of bazel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `BAZELISK_NOJDK` is set in environment variable or `.bazeliskrc` to a value that is not `"0"`, bazelisk will use the `nojdk` version of bazel.
```
